style-guide: refresh layout info (#7951)
tldr-pages/tldr: contributing-guides/style-guide.md

## Layout

> :bulb: Placeholder syntax used in this document: `{{tip}}`.

The basic format of each page should match the following template and have at most 8 code examples:

```md

> # {{command_name}}

Reviewer: The token syntax isn't meant to be used here. Same goes for all the other places it's used outside of code blocks.

> - `Code description`
> - `first_options`
> - `second_options`
> - `page_name`
>
> you can use any valid value as they are placeholders.

The basic format of each page should match the following template and have at most 8 code examples:

```md
# command_name

> Short, snappy command description.
> Preferably one line; two are acceptable if necessary.
> More information: <https://example.com/command-name/help/page>.

- Code description:

`command_name first_options`

- Code description:

`command_name second_options`

...
```

Example:

```md
# krita

> Krita is a sketching and painting program designed for digital artists.
> See also: `gimp`.
> More information: <https://docs.krita.org/en/reference_manual/linux_command_line.html>.

- Start krita:

`krita`

- Start without a splash screen:

`krita --nosplash`

- Open specific files:

`krita {{path/to/image1 path/to/image2 ...}}`

- Start with a specific workspace (`Animation`):

`krita --workspace {{Animation}}`

- Start in a fullscreen mode:

`krita --fullscreen`
```

> :bulb: Help page can be any documentation/project/tutorial page, not just a man page.
> Documentation pages are preferred.

> There actually is a linter/formatter that enforces the format above.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
There is a linter that enforces the format above.
```

## Layout

The basic format of each page should match the following template and have at most 8 command examples:

```md

> # command_name

Reviewer 2: For the actual pages, we use a space, so why not here?
```suggestion
# command name
```

Reviewer: Isn't the title supposed to match the command's name?

Reviewer 2: Sure, but we do write `# git commit`, instead of `# git_commit`. But actually, this change doesn't really matter.

Reviewer: * `git-commit.md` becomes `# git commit` but yes.

> Short, snappy command description.
> Preferably one line; two are acceptable if necessary.
> More information: <https://example.com/command_name/help/page>.

- Code description:

`command_name options`

- Code description:

`command_name options`

...
```

Example:

```md
# krita

> Krita is a sketching and painting program designed for digital artists.
> See also: `gimp`.
> More information: <https://docs.krita.org/en/reference_manual/linux_command_line.html>.

- Start krita:

`krita`

- Start without a splash screen:

`krita --nosplash`

- Open specific files:

`krita {{path/to/image1 path/to/image2 ...}}`

- Start with a specific workspace (`Animation`):

`krita --workspace {{Animation}}`

- Start in a fullscreen mode:

`krita --fullscreen`
```

> > :bulb: Help page can be any documentation/project/tutorial page, not just a man page.
> > Documentation pages are preferred.

Reviewer 2: How about this?
```suggestion
> :bulb: The help page can be any documentation/project/tutorial page, not just a man page,
> but documentation pages are preferred.
```

There is a linter that enforces the format above.
It is run automatically on every pull request,
but you may install it to test your contributions locally before submitting them:

```sh
npm install --global tldr-lint

> tldr-lint page_name.md

Reviewer 2: This sounds a little more tldr-ish:
```suggestion
tldr-lint path/to/tldr_page.md
```

```

For other ways to use `tldr-lint`, such as linting an entire directory, check out (what else!)
[`tldr tldr-lint`](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/pages/common/tldr-lint.md). Alternatively, you can also use its alias `tldrl`.

Your client may be able to preview a page locally using the `--render` flag:

```sh

> tldr --render page_name.md

Reviewer 2: Same here:
```suggestion
tldr --render path/to/tldr_page.md
```

```

### Aliases

> If two or more commands are the same, alias pages can be created to provide the name of the correct page for the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a command can be called with alternative names (like `vim' can be called by `vi`), alias pages can be created to point the user to the original command name.
```

```md
# command_name

> This command is an alias of `original-command-name`.
> More information: <https://example.com/original/command/help/page>.

- View documentation for the original command:

`tldr original_command_name`
```

Example:

```md
# vi

> This command is an alias of `vim`.

- View documentation for the original command:

> `tldr vim`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`tldr vim`

Pre-translated alias page templates can be found [here](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/translation-templates/alias-pages.md).
```

## Layout

> :bulb: Placeholder syntax is not used in this chapter, but instead of:
>
> - `command_name`
> - `https://example.com/command-name/help/page`
> - `Code description`
> - `first_options`
> - `second_options`
> - `page_name`
>

> > you can use any valid value as they are placeholders.

Reviewer 3: I am confused as to what this part even is, could you explain

Author: It is a note about that `{{`, `}}` are not used here explicitly in some cases.

> The basic format of each page should match the following template and have at most 8 code examples:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The basic format of each page should match the following template and have at most 8 command examples:
```

```md
# command_name

> Short, snappy command description.
> Preferably one line; two are acceptable if necessary.
> More information: <https://example.com/command-name/help/page>.

- Code description:

`command_name first_options`

- Code description:

`command_name second_options`

...
```

Example:

```md
# krita

> Krita is a sketching and painting program designed for digital artists.
> See also: `gimp`.
> More information: <https://docs.krita.org/en/reference_manual/linux_command_line.html>.

- Start krita:

`krita`

- Start without a splash screen:

`krita --nosplash`

- Open specific files:

`krita {{path/to/image1 path/to/image2 ...}}`

- Start with a specific workspace (`Animation`):

`krita --workspace {{Animation}}`

- Start in a fullscreen mode:

`krita --fullscreen`
```

> > :bulb: Help page is an any documentation/project/tutorial page here, not just man page.
> > Docs are preffered.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
> :bulb: Help page can be any documentation/project/tutorial page, not just a man page.
> Documentation pages are preferred.
```

The basic format of each page should match the following template:

```md

> # <command-name>

Reviewer 3: I don't like this, people will assume it needs to be wrapped in them, leading to just more linting and syntax fixing.

Author: Fixed: angle brackets are removed.

Author: Angle braces are just removed.

> Short, snappy description.
> Preferably one line; two are acceptable if necessary.

> > More information: <https://example.com/command-name/man/page>.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://example.com>.
```
Often, if possible, links are to resources relating, instead of a manual page, and your suggestion promotes it which I personally do not like.

Author: I've replaced it with: `https://example.com/command-name/help/page`. And added a note:

```
> :bulb: Help page is an any documentation page here, not just man page.
```

Reviewer: Generally we prefer, in order or preference:

1. Specific official documentation on the command-line program in question
2. The project's homepage
3. A link to a man page

- Example description:

> `command-name -opt1 -opt2 -arg1 {{arg1_value}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`command_name -opt1 -opt2 -arg1 {{arg1_value}}`
```

I prefer snake_case, lets see what others think before committing this

Reviewer 3: Also it is used later in the command on this line.

- Example description:

> `command-name -opt1 -opt2`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`command_name -opt1 -opt2`
```

Your client may be able to preview a page locally using the `--render` flag:

```sh
tldr --render {{page.md}}
```

### Aliases

> If some command is an alias for another then you can provide for it such Tl;Dr page:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If two or more commands are the same, alias pages can be created to provide the correct page for the user.
```

Reviewer 3: Here's another suggestion:

```suggestion
If two or more commands are the same, alias pages can be created to provide the name of the correct page for the user.
```

## Imperative Mood

> Example descriptions have to be phrased in imperative mood.

Reviewer: The double spaces at the end of each line here force markdown renders to put text on the next line - just like `<br />` in HTML. Let's keep this as-is. Same goes for all other instances below.

Author: It's due to the `.editorconfig` setting:

```
trim_trailing_whitespace = true
```
